doc: document transition to default Thread 1.3 (#8244)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_supported_features.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The OpenThread implementation of the Thread protocol supports all features defined in the Thread 1.3.0 Specification which are required for the Thread 1.3 Certification program:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenThread implementation of the Thread protocol supports all features defined in the Thread 1.3.0 Specification that are required for the Thread 1.3 Certification program:
```

  * Service Registration Protocol (SRP) client

In |NCS|, you can choose which version of the Thread protocol to use in your application.

> By default, |NCS| supports Thread 1.3, which includes Thread 1.2 support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, |NCS| supports Thread 1.3, which includes support for Thread 1.2.
```

The Thread 1.2 Specification support has the following limitation:

* Due to code size limitation, the combination of complete set of Thread 1.2 features with the Bluetooth® LE multiprotocol support is not possible for the nRF52833 DKs.

.. _thread_ug_supported_features_v13:

Thread 1.3 features
*******************

For more information about this Thread version, see the official `Thread 1.3.0 Features White Paper`_.

DNS-based Service Discovery
===========================

> Thread 1.3 Specification introduces DNS-SD Service Registration Protocol as a way for devices to advertise the fact that they provide services, while avoiding the use of multicast in the discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thread 1.3 Specification introduces DNS-SD Service Registration Protocol, which lets devices advertise the fact that they provide services while avoiding the use of multicast in the discovery.
```

> |NCS| provides the required SRP client functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|NCS| provides the required SRP client functionality.
```
